Add alt text for gcc-tips (#4175)
microsoft/LightGBM: docs/gcc-Tips.rst

.. image:: ./_static/images/gcc-table.png
   :align: center
   :target: ./_static/images/gcc-table.png
   :alt: picture comparing depth with number of threads with each implementation where red color means bad combination and greener areas mean good combination

.. image:: ./_static/images/gcc-bars.png
   :align: center
   :target: ./_static/images/gcc-bars.png
   :alt: picture of a simple bar chart against running time

.. image:: ./_static/images/gcc-chart.png
   :align: center
   :target: ./_static/images/gcc-chart.png
   :alt: this picture is a rendition of first where y-axis is cost and x-axis is number of threads comparing the four algorithms

.. image:: ./_static/images/gcc-comparison-1.png
   :align: center
   :target: ./_static/images/gcc-comparison-1.png

>    :alt: a bar chart comapring Light G.B.M performance versus compilation flags which is maximum at depth 8 with Light G.B.M version 2, flag O 3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :alt: a horizontal bar chart comparing Light G B M performance versus compilation flags. For most settings of max depth, best performance was achieved with flags dash O 3, dash M T U N E equals native.
```

I think the description for this one needs to be reworked. I don't think it's important to mention that the best performance on this particular problem was achieved with `max_depth=8`, since that's highly dependent on the dataset. The most important conclusion from this plot is that you should expect compiling with `-O3 -mtune=native` to give the best performance results for different settings of `max_depth`.

.. image:: ./_static/images/gcc-comparison-2.png
   :align: center
   :target: ./_static/images/gcc-comparison-2.png

>    :alt: a bar chart comapring Light G.B.M cumulative performance versus compilation flags which is maximum at depth 8 with Light G.B.M version 2, flag O 3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :alt: a set of 4 vertical bar charts comparing Light G B M performance versus compilation flags. For most settings of max depth, best performance was achieved with flags dash O 3, dash M T U N E equals native.
```

I think this could have the same description as the image above it, just with "horizontal" switched to "vertical".

.. image:: ./_static/images/gcc-meetup-1.png
   :align: center
   :target: ./_static/images/gcc-meetup-1.png

>    :alt: comparison of cumulative speed versus the slowest algorithm at various depths with v-2, O-3 remaining constant almost in all cases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :alt: grid of line charts showing the relative speed of training for different combinations of max depth, number of threads, and compilation flags. The grid shows that for models with max depth greater than 5, compiling Light G B M with default compiler flags produces faster training time than any of the customizations explored.
```

I think the story here is a little different. Will you consider this re-write?

.. image:: ./_static/images/gcc-meetup-2.png
   :align: center
   :target: ./_static/images/gcc-meetup-2.png

>    :alt: comparison of cumulative speed versus the slowest density of each algorithm at various depths with v-2, O-3 remaining constant almost in all cases

Reviewer: I think these stacked area plots (https://lightgbm.readthedocs.io/en/latest/_static/images/gcc-meetup-2.png) are really difficult to understand, and that this one should just be removed.

@StrikerRUS what do you think?
